Add deprecate-integer-display-length to TIDB Config (#14718)
pingcap/docs: tidb-configuration-file.md

- When this configuration is set to `true` on a TiDB instance, the telemetry collection in this TiDB instance is enabled and the [`tidb_enable_telemetry`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_telemetry-new-in-v402) system variable takes effect.
- When this configuration is set to `false` on all TiDB instances, the telemetry collection in TiDB is disabled and the [`tidb_enable_telemetry`](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_telemetry-new-in-v402) system variable does not take effect. See [Telemetry](/telemetry.md) for details.

### `deprecate-integer-display-length`

> - Deprecates displaying display width for integer types when enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecates the displaying display width for integer types when this configuration item is set to `true`.
```

> - Deprecates displaying display width for integer types when enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecates the display width for integer types when this configuration item is set to `true`.
```

Author: With the setting enabled:
